my timid cousin that was admired by my colleagues folded the extremely blue clothes efficiently .
my cousin that was admired by my nervous friend last month emptied the glass .
my extremely tall partners that were admired by my colleagues bought the cloth .
my extremely lively colleagues that were admired by my cheerful cousins accompanied my rather nervous friend .
my cheery partner that was admired by my cousin last year rolled the clothes .
my friends that were admired by my short partner last month sadly kissed the anxious chef .
my skinny colleague that was admired by my quite cheerful friend married my cousins .
my short friend that was admired by my cousin stirred the water .
my cousin that was admired by my extremely rude colleague last year chewed the chicken enthusiastically .
my partner that was admired by my extremely uptight friend filled the glass last year .
my colleague that was admired by my pretty partners spilled the water last month .
the deer that was attacked by the really fierce police escaped the extremely aggressive tigers .
the bacon that was tasted by the chef last month satisfied my extremely short colleague .
the assistant that was thanked by the student suggested the policy .
the assistant that was enthusiastically thanked by the talented manager phoned the CEOs .
the driven assistants that were thanked by the quite uptight managers last year resolved the flaw .
the anxious clerks that were thanked by the CEO reported the flaw .
the jars that were emptied by my cousins satisfied my timid colleagues .
the blue jar that was emptied by my friend satisfied my colleagues .
the blue jars that were emptied by my rude partners sadly satisfied my colleague last month .
the glass that was emptied by my pretty cousins reluctantly satisfied my colleagues .
the purple jars that were quickly emptied by my uptight friends satisfied my colleague last month .
the really shiny glasses that were enthusiastically emptied by my partner satisfied my colleagues last year .
the cup that was gloomily emptied by my short cousin satisfied my rude colleague .
the jar that was sadly emptied by my tall cousins satisfied my colleagues .
the jars that were emptied by my rude colleagues satisfied my cousin last month .
the yellow jar that was emptied by my quite gentle friend satisfied my cheerful colleagues .
the cups that were happily emptied by my cousin satisfied my really witty colleague last month .
the blue cup that was quickly emptied by my timid friend satisfied my colleague .
the really pretty cups that were emptied by my cousins satisfied my colleagues .
the cup that was emptied by my partner satisfied my colleague last month .
the shiny jar that was emptied by my colleagues satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup that was emptied by my friends satisfied my colleague .
the quite yellow glass that was emptied by my colleagues satisfied my rather short cousin last year .
the jars that were emptied by my timid friends quickly satisfied my rather skinny colleague .
the shiny glass that was emptied by my friend satisfied my nervous colleague .
the really shiny cups that were emptied by my pretty colleagues happily satisfied my really witty cousin .
the glass that was emptied by my partner satisfied my gentle colleagues .
the pretty cup that was emptied by my cheery partner satisfied my rude colleagues .
the cup that was emptied by my pretty friend satisfied my timid colleague .
the jar that was emptied by my friend enthusiastically satisfied my colleague last year .
the cups that were emptied by my colleagues satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup that was emptied by my extremely witty colleagues satisfied my pretty cousins .
the pretty cups that were enthusiastically emptied by my gentle colleague satisfied my rather uptight cousin .
the glass that was enthusiastically emptied by my colleague satisfied my cousin last year .
the shiny jar that was emptied by my friends satisfied my quite rude colleagues last year .
the shiny cup that was emptied by my witty partners satisfied my colleague last year .
the extremely purple jar that was emptied by my partners quickly satisfied my colleagues last month .
the shiny glass that was emptied by my tall cousin wearily satisfied my skinny colleague last month .
the shiny glasses that were emptied by my friends enthusiastically satisfied my colleague .
