my timid cousin admired by my colleagues folded the extremely blue clothes efficiently .
my cousin admired by my nervous friend last month emptied the glass .
my extremely tall partners admired by my colleagues bought the cloth .
my extremely lively colleagues admired by my cheerful cousins accompanied my rather nervous friend .
my cheery partner admired by my cousin last year rolled the clothes .
my friends admired by my short partner last month sadly kissed the anxious chef .
my skinny colleague admired by my quite cheerful friend married my cousins .
my short friend admired by my cousin stirred the water .
my cousin admired by my extremely rude colleague last year chewed the chicken enthusiastically .
my partner admired by my extremely uptight friend filled the glass last year .
my colleague admired by my pretty partners spilled the water last month .
the deer attacked by the really fierce police escaped the extremely aggressive tigers .
the bacon tasted by the chef last month satisfied my extremely short colleague .
the assistant thanked by the student suggested the policy .
the assistant enthusiastically thanked by the talented manager phoned the CEOs .
the driven assistants thanked by the quite uptight managers last year resolved the flaw .
the anxious clerks thanked by the CEO reported the flaw .
the jars emptied by my cousins satisfied my timid colleagues .
the blue jar emptied by my friend satisfied my colleagues .
the blue jars emptied by my rude partners sadly satisfied my colleague last month .
the glass emptied by my pretty cousins reluctantly satisfied my colleagues .
the purple jars quickly emptied by my uptight friends satisfied my colleague last month .
the really shiny glasses enthusiastically emptied by my partner satisfied my colleagues last year .
the cup gloomily emptied by my short cousin satisfied my rude colleague .
the jar sadly emptied by my tall cousins satisfied my colleagues .
the jars emptied by my rude colleagues satisfied my cousin last month .
the yellow jar emptied by my quite gentle friend satisfied my cheerful colleagues .
the cups happily emptied by my cousin satisfied my really witty colleague last month .
the blue cup quickly emptied by my timid friend satisfied my colleague .
the really pretty cups emptied by my cousins satisfied my colleagues .
the cup emptied by my partner satisfied my colleague last month .
the shiny jar emptied by my colleagues satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup emptied by my friends satisfied my colleague .
the quite yellow glass emptied by my colleagues satisfied my rather short cousin last year .
the jars emptied by my timid friends quickly satisfied my rather skinny colleague .
the shiny glass emptied by my friend satisfied my nervous colleague .
the really shiny cups emptied by my pretty colleagues happily satisfied my really witty cousin .
the glass emptied by my partner satisfied my gentle colleagues .
the pretty cup emptied by my cheery partner satisfied my rude colleagues .
the cup emptied by my pretty friend satisfied my timid colleague .
the jar emptied by my friend enthusiastically satisfied my colleague last year .
the cups emptied by my colleagues satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup emptied by my extremely witty colleagues satisfied my pretty cousins .
the pretty cups enthusiastically emptied by my gentle colleague satisfied my rather uptight cousin .
the glass enthusiastically emptied by my colleague satisfied my cousin last year .
the shiny jar emptied by my friends satisfied my quite rude colleagues last year .
the shiny cup emptied by my witty partners satisfied my colleague last year .
the extremely purple jar emptied by my partners quickly satisfied my colleagues last month .
the shiny glass emptied by my tall cousin wearily satisfied my skinny colleague last month .
the shiny glasses emptied by my friends enthusiastically satisfied my colleague .
