the toddler that stored the really shiny stone eagerly buried the pebbles happily .
the short toddler that saved the cats yesterday tied the rope easily .
the bear that captured the petrified deer rapidly harmed the petrified giraffes yesterday .
the waitress that sampled the quite enjoyable fish passed the cakes .
the waitress that happily sampled the enjoyable potato inhaled the fumes yesterday .
the modest waitresses that happily sampled the chicken refused the cakes sadly .
the driven waitress that sampled the enjoyable potato happily happily kissed my cheery colleague .
the waitress that sampled the cake rapidly poured the water .
the really gentle chef that happily sampled the chocolates tasted the cakes .
the waitresses that sampled the extremely enjoyable cakes supplied the extremely enjoyable fish .
the really resourceful chefs that sampled the cake cooked the fish .
the waitresses that eagerly sampled the delicious chicken prepared the fish .
the chef that happily sampled the really delicious cake fried the fish .
the gentle preschooler that hated the quite enjoyable chicken treasured the pebbles last week .
the preschoolers that hated the fish wasted the water .
the merry preschooler that hated the chicken smashed the red glass yesterday .
the toddler that hated the rather delicious potatoes counted the shiny pebbles .
the skinny preschoolers that hated the delicious fish last week pushed my extremely lively colleagues last week .
the witty preschooler that hated the rather enjoyable fish protected the dogs .
the toddler that hated the potatoes yesterday trapped the rather fearful dogs .
the really modest preschooler that hated the fish raced the quite gentle toddlers last week .
the rather shy toddler that hated the chicken dropped the glass .
the chubby toddler that hated the really rich fish trained the petrified dogs .
the witty toddler that hated the rather rich fish yesterday sorted the pebble happily .
the really merry preschooler that hated the potato yesterday hung the extremely blue cloth last week .
the lively preschooler that hated the extremely rich chicken stored the shiny pebble .
the modest preschoolers that hated the fish last week measured the glass happily .
the really gentle toddlers that hated the delicious chicken smelled the really disastrous fumes .
the preschoolers that hated the quite enjoyable fish last week healed the dog yesterday .
the short toddlers that hated the quite rich fish yesterday admired my chubby colleague yesterday .
the preschoolers that hated the rich chicken swallowed the shiny pebble remorsefully .
the preschooler that hated the enjoyable fish moved the quite shiny pebble .
the toddler that hated the fish licked the chicken happily .
the modest toddler that hated the delicious chicken last week captured the fearful giraffes .
the preschooler that hated the enjoyable chicken happily fed the dog .
the toddler that hated the rather enjoyable chicken collected the shiny pebble eagerly .
the preschooler that hated the enjoyable potato tried the really enjoyable cake .
the toddler that hated the rather rich fish stored the pebbles eagerly .
the toddlers that hated the delicious chicken found the pebble .
the extremely gentle preschooler that hated the rich chicken yesterday crashed the red glass yesterday .
the skinny preschooler that hated the quite rich chicken yesterday liked the pebbles .
the quite witty toddler that hated the rather rich potatoes wanted the cake yesterday .
the preschooler that hated the chicken folded the green cloth .
the extremely lively toddler that hated the enjoyable potato yesterday patted the petrified dogs .
the quite short toddlers that hated the delicious fish last week saved the dogs .
the preschoolers that hated the potatoes yesterday pulled the shiny ropes eagerly .
the toddler that hated the really enjoyable fish decorated the gates eagerly .
the short preschooler that hated the rich chicken accompanied the toddlers yesterday .
the chubby preschoolers that hated the rather delicious chicken spilled the quite fresh water .
the preschooler that hated the really enjoyable fish stored the pebble eagerly .
