the really shiny stone that the toddler stored eagerly cracked the glasses yesterday .
the cats that the short toddler saved yesterday inhabited the really majestic mountain .
the petrified deer that the bear captured rapidly escaped the tiger easily .
the quite enjoyable fish that the waitress sampled satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable potato that the waitress happily sampled satisfied my colleague .
the chicken that the modest waitresses happily sampled satisfied the skinny preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato that the driven waitress sampled happily satisfied my colleagues .
the cake that the waitress sampled satisfied the preschooler .
the chocolates that the really gentle chef happily sampled satisfied my colleagues last week .
the extremely enjoyable cakes that the waitresses sampled satisfied the preschooler .
the cake that the really resourceful chefs sampled satisfied the preschooler .
the delicious chicken that the waitresses eagerly sampled satisfied my colleague last week .
the really delicious cake that the chef happily sampled satisfied the tall preschooler .
the quite enjoyable chicken that the gentle preschooler hated satisfied the shy toddler .
the fish that the preschoolers hated satisfied the quite gentle toddler yesterday .
the chicken that the merry preschooler hated satisfied my colleagues last week .
the rather delicious potatoes that the toddler hated satisfied my shy colleagues last week .
the delicious fish that the skinny preschoolers hated last week satisfied the skinny toddlers .
the rather enjoyable fish that the witty preschooler hated satisfied my rather skinny colleagues yesterday .
the potatoes that the toddler hated yesterday satisfied my gentle colleague .
the fish that the really modest preschooler hated satisfied the toddler last week .
the chicken that the rather shy toddler hated satisfied the preschooler last week .
the really rich fish that the chubby toddler hated satisfied the lively preschooler .
the rather rich fish that the witty toddler hated yesterday satisfied the really tall preschooler yesterday .
the potato that the really merry preschooler hated yesterday satisfied my cheery colleagues last week .
the extremely rich chicken that the lively preschooler hated satisfied my modest colleague .
the fish that the modest preschoolers hated last week satisfied my colleagues .
the delicious chicken that the really gentle toddlers hated satisfied my colleague .
the quite enjoyable fish that the preschoolers hated last week satisfied my really modest colleague yesterday .
the quite rich fish that the short toddlers hated yesterday satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken that the preschoolers hated satisfied my shy colleagues .
the enjoyable fish that the preschooler hated satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the fish that the toddler hated satisfied the quite short preschoolers yesterday .
the delicious chicken that the modest toddler hated last week satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable chicken that the preschooler hated satisfied my colleague .
the rather enjoyable chicken that the toddler hated satisfied the preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato that the preschooler hated satisfied my extremely surly colleague .
the rather rich fish that the toddler hated satisfied my colleague last week .
the delicious chicken that the toddlers hated satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken that the extremely gentle preschooler hated yesterday satisfied the lively toddlers .
the quite rich chicken that the skinny preschooler hated yesterday satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the rather rich potatoes that the quite witty toddler hated satisfied my rather rude colleagues last week .
the chicken that the preschooler hated satisfied my merry colleague last week .
the enjoyable potato that the extremely lively toddler hated yesterday satisfied my quite witty colleague last week .
the delicious fish that the quite short toddlers hated last week satisfied the quite skinny preschoolers last week .
the potatoes that the preschoolers hated yesterday satisfied my chubby colleague yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish that the toddler hated satisfied the rather shy preschoolers last week .
the rich chicken that the short preschooler hated satisfied the really lively toddler last week .
the rather delicious chicken that the chubby preschoolers hated satisfied the short toddlers yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish that the preschooler hated satisfied the chubby toddler last week .
