the really shiny stone that was stored by the toddler eagerly cracked the glasses yesterday .
the cats that were saved by the short toddler yesterday inhabited the really majestic mountain .
the petrified deer that was captured by the bear rapidly escaped the tiger easily .
the quite enjoyable fish that was sampled by the waitress satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable potato that was happily sampled by the waitress satisfied my colleague .
the chicken that was happily sampled by the modest waitresses satisfied the skinny preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato that was sampled by the driven waitress happily satisfied my colleagues .
the cake that was sampled by the waitress satisfied the preschooler .
the chocolates that were happily sampled by the really gentle chef satisfied my colleagues last week .
the extremely enjoyable cakes that were sampled by the waitresses satisfied the preschooler .
the cake that was sampled by the really resourceful chefs satisfied the preschooler .
the delicious chicken that was eagerly sampled by the waitresses satisfied my colleague last week .
the really delicious cake that was happily sampled by the chef satisfied the tall preschooler .
the quite enjoyable chicken that was hated by the gentle preschooler satisfied the shy toddler .
the fish that was hated by the preschoolers satisfied the quite gentle toddler yesterday .
the chicken that was hated by the merry preschooler satisfied my colleagues last week .
the rather delicious potatoes that were hated by the toddler satisfied my shy colleagues last week .
the delicious fish that was hated by the skinny preschoolers last week satisfied the skinny toddlers .
the rather enjoyable fish that was hated by the witty preschooler satisfied my rather skinny colleagues yesterday .
the potatoes that were hated by the toddler yesterday satisfied my gentle colleague .
the fish that was hated by the really modest preschooler satisfied the toddler last week .
the chicken that was hated by the rather shy toddler satisfied the preschooler last week .
the really rich fish that was hated by the chubby toddler satisfied the lively preschooler .
the rather rich fish that was hated by the witty toddler yesterday satisfied the really tall preschooler yesterday .
the potato that was hated by the really merry preschooler yesterday satisfied my cheery colleagues last week .
the extremely rich chicken that was hated by the lively preschooler satisfied my modest colleague .
the fish that was hated by the modest preschoolers last week satisfied my colleagues .
the delicious chicken that was hated by the really gentle toddlers satisfied my colleague .
the quite enjoyable fish that was hated by the preschoolers last week satisfied my really modest colleague yesterday .
the quite rich fish that was hated by the short toddlers yesterday satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken that was hated by the preschoolers satisfied my shy colleagues .
the enjoyable fish that was hated by the preschooler satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the fish that was hated by the toddler satisfied the quite short preschoolers yesterday .
the delicious chicken that was hated by the modest toddler last week satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable chicken that was hated by the preschooler satisfied my colleague .
the rather enjoyable chicken that was hated by the toddler satisfied the preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato that was hated by the preschooler satisfied my extremely surly colleague .
the rather rich fish that was hated by the toddler satisfied my colleague last week .
the delicious chicken that was hated by the toddlers satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken that was hated by the extremely gentle preschooler yesterday satisfied the lively toddlers .
the quite rich chicken that was hated by the skinny preschooler yesterday satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the rather rich potatoes that were hated by the quite witty toddler satisfied my rather rude colleagues last week .
the chicken that was hated by the preschooler satisfied my merry colleague last week .
the enjoyable potato that was hated by the extremely lively toddler yesterday satisfied my quite witty colleague last week .
the delicious fish that was hated by the quite short toddlers last week satisfied the quite skinny preschoolers last week .
the potatoes that were hated by the preschoolers yesterday satisfied my chubby colleague yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish that was hated by the toddler satisfied the rather shy preschoolers last week .
the rich chicken that was hated by the short preschooler satisfied the really lively toddler last week .
the rather delicious chicken that was hated by the chubby preschoolers satisfied the short toddlers yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish that was hated by the preschooler satisfied the chubby toddler last week .
