my colleagues that admired my timid cousin cut the rather purple cloth enthusiastically .
my nervous friend that admired my cousin last month dropped the shiny glasses sadly .
my colleagues that admired my extremely tall partners inhaled the disastrous fumes .
my cheerful cousins that admired my extremely lively colleagues fancied my friend last year .
my cousin that admired my cheery partner last year poured the clear water last month .
my short partner that admired my friends last month wanted the cakes .
my quite cheerful friend that admired my skinny colleague happily married my witty cousins .
my cousin that admired my short friend stretched the rope .
my extremely rude colleague that admired my cousin last year chewed the chicken .
my extremely uptight friend that admired my partner congratulated the CEO .
my pretty partners that admired my colleague spilled the clear water last year .
the really fierce police that attacked the deer hunted the squirrel .
the chef that tasted the bacon last month cooked the tasty chicken .
the student that thanked the assistant insulted the really uptight CEOs .
the talented manager that enthusiastically thanked the assistant delayed the policies last year .
the quite uptight managers that thanked the driven assistants last year conducted the really outrageous audit .
the CEO that thanked the anxious clerks quickly changed the shocking policy .
my cousins that emptied the jars admired my really timid colleagues .
my friend that emptied the blue jar admired my cheerful colleagues last year .
my rude partners that emptied the blue jars sadly admired my cheerful colleague .
my pretty cousins that emptied the glass reluctantly admired my witty colleagues last month .
my uptight friends that quickly emptied the purple jars admired my nervous colleagues last month .
my partner that enthusiastically emptied the really shiny glasses admired my colleague .
my short cousin that gloomily emptied the cup admired my cheery colleague last month .
my tall cousins that sadly emptied the jar admired my colleague .
my rude colleagues that emptied the jars admired my cousin last month .
my quite gentle friend that emptied the yellow jar admired my colleague last year .
my cousin that happily emptied the cups admired my colleague last year .
my timid friend that quickly emptied the blue cup admired my colleagues .
my cousins that emptied the really pretty cups admired my gentle colleague .
my partner that emptied the cup admired my colleague last year .
my colleagues that emptied the shiny jar admired my quite rude cousin last month .
my friends that emptied the cup admired my colleague last month .
my colleagues that emptied the quite yellow glass admired my cousins last month .
my timid friends that emptied the jars quickly admired my tall colleagues last month .
my friend that emptied the shiny glass admired my colleague .
my pretty colleagues that emptied the really shiny cups happily admired my cousins .
my partner that emptied the glass admired my cheerful colleague .
my cheery partner that emptied the pretty cup admired my colleague last month .
my pretty friend that emptied the cup admired my colleague last month .
my friend that emptied the jar enthusiastically admired my lively colleague last year .
my colleagues that emptied the cups admired my pretty cousin last month .
my extremely witty colleagues that emptied the cup admired my cousins .
my gentle colleague that enthusiastically emptied the pretty cups admired my uptight cousin last month .
my colleague that enthusiastically emptied the glass admired my really lively cousin last month .
my friends that emptied the shiny jar admired my colleague .
my witty partners that emptied the shiny cup admired my colleague .
my partners that emptied the extremely purple jar quickly admired my tall colleagues .
my tall cousin that emptied the shiny glass wearily admired my short colleague last year .
my friends that emptied the shiny glasses enthusiastically admired my quite witty colleague last month .
