the really shiny stone the toddler stored eagerly cracked the glasses yesterday .
the cats the short toddler saved yesterday inhabited the really majestic mountain .
the petrified deer the bear captured rapidly escaped the tiger easily .
the quite enjoyable fish the waitress sampled satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable potato the waitress happily sampled satisfied my colleague .
the chicken the modest waitresses happily sampled satisfied the skinny preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato the driven waitress sampled happily satisfied my colleagues .
the cake the waitress sampled satisfied the preschooler .
the chocolates the really gentle chef happily sampled satisfied my colleagues last week .
the extremely enjoyable cakes the waitresses sampled satisfied the preschooler .
the cake the really resourceful chefs sampled satisfied the preschooler .
the delicious chicken the waitresses eagerly sampled satisfied my colleague last week .
the really delicious cake the chef happily sampled satisfied the tall preschooler .
the quite enjoyable chicken the gentle preschooler hated satisfied the shy toddler .
the fish the preschoolers hated satisfied the quite gentle toddler yesterday .
the chicken the merry preschooler hated satisfied my colleagues last week .
the rather delicious potatoes the toddler hated satisfied my shy colleagues last week .
the delicious fish the skinny preschoolers hated last week satisfied the skinny toddlers .
the rather enjoyable fish the witty preschooler hated satisfied my rather skinny colleagues yesterday .
the potatoes the toddler hated yesterday satisfied my gentle colleague .
the fish the really modest preschooler hated satisfied the toddler last week .
the chicken the rather shy toddler hated satisfied the preschooler last week .
the really rich fish the chubby toddler hated satisfied the lively preschooler .
the rather rich fish the witty toddler hated yesterday satisfied the really tall preschooler yesterday .
the potato the really merry preschooler hated yesterday satisfied my cheery colleagues last week .
the extremely rich chicken the lively preschooler hated satisfied my modest colleague .
the fish the modest preschoolers hated last week satisfied my colleagues .
the delicious chicken the really gentle toddlers hated satisfied my colleague .
the quite enjoyable fish the preschoolers hated last week satisfied my really modest colleague yesterday .
the quite rich fish the short toddlers hated yesterday satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken the preschoolers hated satisfied my shy colleagues .
the enjoyable fish the preschooler hated satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the fish the toddler hated satisfied the quite short preschoolers yesterday .
the delicious chicken the modest toddler hated last week satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable chicken the preschooler hated satisfied my colleague .
the rather enjoyable chicken the toddler hated satisfied the preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato the preschooler hated satisfied my extremely surly colleague .
the rather rich fish the toddler hated satisfied my colleague last week .
the delicious chicken the toddlers hated satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken the extremely gentle preschooler hated yesterday satisfied the lively toddlers .
the quite rich chicken the skinny preschooler hated yesterday satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the rather rich potatoes the quite witty toddler hated satisfied my rather rude colleagues last week .
the chicken the preschooler hated satisfied my merry colleague last week .
the enjoyable potato the extremely lively toddler hated yesterday satisfied my quite witty colleague last week .
the delicious fish the quite short toddlers hated last week satisfied the quite skinny preschoolers last week .
the potatoes the preschoolers hated yesterday satisfied my chubby colleague yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish the toddler hated satisfied the rather shy preschoolers last week .
the rich chicken the short preschooler hated satisfied the really lively toddler last week .
the rather delicious chicken the chubby preschoolers hated satisfied the short toddlers yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish the preschooler hated satisfied the chubby toddler last week .
