the really shiny stone stored by the toddler eagerly cracked the glasses yesterday .
the cats saved by the short toddler yesterday inhabited the really majestic mountain .
the petrified deer captured by the bear rapidly escaped the tiger easily .
the quite enjoyable fish sampled by the waitress satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable potato happily sampled by the waitress satisfied my colleague .
the chicken happily sampled by the modest waitresses satisfied the skinny preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato sampled by the driven waitress happily satisfied my colleagues .
the cake sampled by the waitress satisfied the preschooler .
the chocolates happily sampled by the really gentle chef satisfied my colleagues last week .
the extremely enjoyable cakes sampled by the waitresses satisfied the preschooler .
the cake sampled by the really resourceful chefs satisfied the preschooler .
the delicious chicken eagerly sampled by the waitresses satisfied my colleague last week .
the really delicious cake happily sampled by the chef satisfied the tall preschooler .
the quite enjoyable chicken hated by the gentle preschooler satisfied the shy toddler .
the fish hated by the preschoolers satisfied the quite gentle toddler yesterday .
the chicken hated by the merry preschooler satisfied my colleagues last week .
the rather delicious potatoes hated by the toddler satisfied my shy colleagues last week .
the delicious fish hated by the skinny preschoolers last week satisfied the skinny toddlers .
the rather enjoyable fish hated by the witty preschooler satisfied my rather skinny colleagues yesterday .
the potatoes hated by the toddler yesterday satisfied my gentle colleague .
the fish hated by the really modest preschooler satisfied the toddler last week .
the chicken hated by the rather shy toddler satisfied the preschooler last week .
the really rich fish hated by the chubby toddler satisfied the lively preschooler .
the rather rich fish hated by the witty toddler yesterday satisfied the really tall preschooler yesterday .
the potato hated by the really merry preschooler yesterday satisfied my cheery colleagues last week .
the extremely rich chicken hated by the lively preschooler satisfied my modest colleague .
the fish hated by the modest preschoolers last week satisfied my colleagues .
the delicious chicken hated by the really gentle toddlers satisfied my colleague .
the quite enjoyable fish hated by the preschoolers last week satisfied my really modest colleague yesterday .
the quite rich fish hated by the short toddlers yesterday satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken hated by the preschoolers satisfied my shy colleagues .
the enjoyable fish hated by the preschooler satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the fish hated by the toddler satisfied the quite short preschoolers yesterday .
the delicious chicken hated by the modest toddler last week satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable chicken hated by the preschooler satisfied my colleague .
the rather enjoyable chicken hated by the toddler satisfied the preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato hated by the preschooler satisfied my extremely surly colleague .
the rather rich fish hated by the toddler satisfied my colleague last week .
the delicious chicken hated by the toddlers satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken hated by the extremely gentle preschooler yesterday satisfied the lively toddlers .
the quite rich chicken hated by the skinny preschooler yesterday satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the rather rich potatoes hated by the quite witty toddler satisfied my rather rude colleagues last week .
the chicken hated by the preschooler satisfied my merry colleague last week .
the enjoyable potato hated by the extremely lively toddler yesterday satisfied my quite witty colleague last week .
the delicious fish hated by the quite short toddlers last week satisfied the quite skinny preschoolers last week .
the potatoes hated by the preschoolers yesterday satisfied my chubby colleague yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish hated by the toddler satisfied the rather shy preschoolers last week .
the rich chicken hated by the short preschooler satisfied the really lively toddler last week .
the rather delicious chicken hated by the chubby preschoolers satisfied the short toddlers yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish hated by the preschooler satisfied the chubby toddler last week .
