the tall teachers admired the guardian yesterday and folded the quite blue cloth happily .
the gentle teacher admired the guardians yesterday and confiscated the quite shiny stone yesterday .
the shy teachers admired the rather cheerful guardians last year and cleaned the yellow glass .
the merry teacher admired my merry partner and painted the yellow window .
the quite gentle teacher admired the guardian and refused the really tasty chicken halfheartedly .
my timid partners admired my siblings and dropped the stone sadly .
the guardian admired my friend and fried the chicken .
my siblings admired my cousin yesterday and accompanied the tall guardians happily .
the quite nervous guardians admired my surly partner and hung the clothes .
the pretty guardians admired the teachers and sorted the stones .
the guardian admired my partner last year and quickly passed the cake .
my siblings admired my cousins last year and explored the cities eagerly .
the teachers admired my shy partner last year and moved the stone remorsefully .
my chubby partner admired my friends and halfheartedly approached the cities .
the rather pretty guardians admired the teacher yesterday and filled the glass yesterday .
the teacher admired my short cousin and covered the glass last year .
my siblings admired my cheery partners yesterday and bought the rich cakes eagerly .
my rather shy sibling admired my partner and entered the cities quickly .
my cousins admired my quite cheery partner and congratulated the merry researcher .
my friends admired my partner and married my siblings last year .
the deer attacked the scary tiger last year and escaped the lion effortlessly .
the city expanded the ambitious builders and protected the startled cat last year .
the painter paid the principal last year and insulted the extremely driven management .
the jars cleaned the guardians and satisfied my quite skinny sibling last year .
the coin effortlessly moved the guardian and cracked the glass .
the jar eagerly emptied the quite short teacher and satisfied my skinny sibling .
the cheerful guardian admired the cheerful teacher last year and cleaned the glasses yesterday .
the remarkable halls expanded the architect and protected the cat yesterday .
the jar emptied my quite tall partner eagerly and satisfied my rude siblings yesterday .
the really cheerful teachers admired the guardian and moved the stones .
the city expanded the really talented architects and protected the fearful cat last year .
the purple glasses quickly emptied the gentle teacher and satisfied my surly siblings .
the quite lively teacher admired the chubby guardians and moved the glass .
the guardian admired the shy teacher and cleaned the rather pretty glass .
the shiny bottle remorsefully emptied the quite tall teacher and satisfied my sibling yesterday .
the chubby guardians admired the tall teacher and cleaned the glass .
the shiny glass emptied the quite merry teacher and satisfied my shy siblings .
the guardians admired the teachers and cleaned the yellow glass .
the glasses eagerly emptied my cousin and satisfied my short siblings last year .
the guardians admired the rather skinny teachers and cleaned the glass yesterday .
the bottle emptied my cousin quickly and satisfied my siblings yesterday .
the teacher admired the guardian yesterday and remorsefully cleaned the rather yellow glass .
the guardians admired the teacher yesterday and moved the rather blue glasses .
the jar emptied my rather uptight partner reluctantly and satisfied my siblings .
the teacher admired the gentle guardians and happily moved the glasses .
the teachers admired the rather chubby guardians last year and halfheartedly cleaned the purple glasses .
the yellow jars quickly emptied my surly cousin and satisfied my extremely rude sibling .
the skinny guardian admired the teachers yesterday and cleaned the glass .
the really blue bottles emptied the guardians and satisfied my sibling .
the young guardian admired the teachers yesterday and moved the really pretty glasses happily .
