my colleagues admired my timid cousin and cut the rather purple cloth enthusiastically .
my nervous friend admired my cousin last month and dropped the shiny glasses sadly .
my colleagues admired my extremely tall partners and inhaled the disastrous fumes .
my cheerful cousins admired my extremely lively colleagues and fancied my friend last year .
my cousin admired my cheery partner last year and poured the clear water last month .
my short partner admired my friends last month and wanted the cakes .
my quite cheerful friend admired my skinny colleague and happily married my witty cousins .
my cousin admired my short friend and stretched the rope .
my extremely rude colleague admired my cousin last year and chewed the chicken .
my extremely uptight friend admired my partner and congratulated the CEO .
my pretty partners admired my colleague and spilled the clear water last year .
the really fierce police attacked the deer and hunted the squirrel .
the chef tasted the bacon last month and cooked the tasty chicken .
the student thanked the assistant and insulted the really uptight CEOs .
the talented manager enthusiastically thanked the assistant and delayed the policies last year .
the quite uptight managers thanked the driven assistants last year and conducted the really outrageous audit .
the CEO thanked the anxious clerks and quickly changed the shocking policy .
my cousins emptied the jars and admired my really timid colleagues .
my friend emptied the blue jar and admired my cheerful colleagues last year .
my rude partners emptied the blue jars sadly and admired my cheerful colleague .
my pretty cousins emptied the glass reluctantly and admired my witty colleagues last month .
my uptight friends quickly emptied the purple jars and admired my nervous colleagues last month .
my partner enthusiastically emptied the really shiny glasses and admired my colleague .
my short cousin gloomily emptied the cup and admired my cheery colleague last month .
my tall cousins sadly emptied the jar and admired my colleague .
my rude colleagues emptied the jars and admired my cousin last month .
my quite gentle friend emptied the yellow jar and admired my colleague last year .
my cousin happily emptied the cups and admired my colleague last year .
my timid friend quickly emptied the blue cup and admired my colleagues .
my cousins emptied the really pretty cups and admired my gentle colleague .
my partner emptied the cup and admired my colleague last year .
my colleagues emptied the shiny jar and admired my quite rude cousin last month .
my friends emptied the cup and admired my colleague last month .
my colleagues emptied the quite yellow glass and admired my cousins last month .
my timid friends emptied the jars quickly and admired my tall colleagues last month .
my friend emptied the shiny glass and admired my colleague .
my pretty colleagues emptied the really shiny cups happily and admired my cousins .
my partner emptied the glass and admired my cheerful colleague .
my cheery partner emptied the pretty cup and admired my colleague last month .
my pretty friend emptied the cup and admired my colleague last month .
my friend emptied the jar enthusiastically and admired my lively colleague last year .
my colleagues emptied the cups and admired my pretty cousin last month .
my extremely witty colleagues emptied the cup and admired my cousins .
my gentle colleague enthusiastically emptied the pretty cups and admired my uptight cousin last month .
my colleague enthusiastically emptied the glass and admired my really lively cousin last month .
my friends emptied the shiny jar and admired my colleague .
my witty partners emptied the shiny cup and admired my colleague .
my partners emptied the extremely purple jar quickly and admired my tall colleagues .
my tall cousin emptied the shiny glass wearily and admired my short colleague last year .
my friends emptied the shiny glasses enthusiastically and admired my quite witty colleague last month .
