my timid cousin that my colleagues admired folded the extremely blue clothes efficiently .
my cousin that my nervous friend admired last month emptied the glass .
my extremely tall partners that my colleagues admired bought the cloth .
my extremely lively colleagues that my cheerful cousins admired accompanied my rather nervous friend .
my cheery partner that my cousin admired last year rolled the clothes .
my friends that my short partner admired last month sadly kissed the anxious chef .
my skinny colleague that my quite cheerful friend admired married my cousins .
my short friend that my cousin admired stirred the water .
my cousin that my extremely rude colleague admired last year chewed the chicken enthusiastically .
my partner that my extremely uptight friend admired filled the glass last year .
my colleague that my pretty partners admired spilled the water last month .
the deer that the really fierce police attacked escaped the extremely aggressive tigers .
the bacon that the chef tasted last month satisfied my extremely short colleague .
the assistant that the student thanked suggested the policy .
the assistant that the talented manager enthusiastically thanked phoned the CEOs .
the driven assistants that the quite uptight managers thanked last year resolved the flaw .
the anxious clerks that the CEO thanked reported the flaw .
the jars that my cousins emptied satisfied my timid colleagues .
the blue jar that my friend emptied satisfied my colleagues .
the blue jars that my rude partners emptied sadly satisfied my colleague last month .
the glass that my pretty cousins emptied reluctantly satisfied my colleagues .
the purple jars that my uptight friends quickly emptied satisfied my colleague last month .
the really shiny glasses that my partner enthusiastically emptied satisfied my colleagues last year .
the cup that my short cousin gloomily emptied satisfied my rude colleague .
the jar that my tall cousins sadly emptied satisfied my colleagues .
the jars that my rude colleagues emptied satisfied my cousin last month .
the yellow jar that my quite gentle friend emptied satisfied my cheerful colleagues .
the cups that my cousin happily emptied satisfied my really witty colleague last month .
the blue cup that my timid friend quickly emptied satisfied my colleague .
the really pretty cups that my cousins emptied satisfied my colleagues .
the cup that my partner emptied satisfied my colleague last month .
the shiny jar that my colleagues emptied satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup that my friends emptied satisfied my colleague .
the quite yellow glass that my colleagues emptied satisfied my rather short cousin last year .
the jars that my timid friends emptied quickly satisfied my rather skinny colleague .
the shiny glass that my friend emptied satisfied my nervous colleague .
the really shiny cups that my pretty colleagues emptied happily satisfied my really witty cousin .
the glass that my partner emptied satisfied my gentle colleagues .
the pretty cup that my cheery partner emptied satisfied my rude colleagues .
the cup that my pretty friend emptied satisfied my timid colleague .
the jar that my friend emptied enthusiastically satisfied my colleague last year .
the cups that my colleagues emptied satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup that my extremely witty colleagues emptied satisfied my pretty cousins .
the pretty cups that my gentle colleague enthusiastically emptied satisfied my rather uptight cousin .
the glass that my colleague enthusiastically emptied satisfied my cousin last year .
the shiny jar that my friends emptied satisfied my quite rude colleagues last year .
the shiny cup that my witty partners emptied satisfied my colleague last year .
the extremely purple jar that my partners emptied quickly satisfied my colleagues last month .
the shiny glass that my tall cousin emptied wearily satisfied my skinny colleague last month .
the shiny glasses that my friends emptied enthusiastically satisfied my colleague .
