the guardian admired the tall teachers yesterday and emptied the extremely pretty glass quickly .
the guardians admired the gentle teacher yesterday and called my cheery sibling happily .
the rather cheerful guardians admired the shy teachers last year and cooked the enjoyable chicken .
my merry partner admired the merry teacher and wanted the cakes .
the guardian admired the quite gentle teacher and tied the ropes sadly .
my siblings admired my timid partners and poured the water .
my friend admired the guardian and stretched the clothes eagerly .
my cousin admired my siblings yesterday and inhaled the fumes reluctantly .
my surly partner admired the quite nervous guardians and rolled the clothes easily .
the teachers admired the pretty guardians and closed the blue window .
my partner admired the guardian last year and decorated the yellow windows .
my cousins admired my siblings last year and spilled the clear water yesterday .
my shy partner admired the teachers last year and stirred the water .
my friends admired my chubby partner and cut the extremely blue cloth .
the teacher admired the rather pretty guardians yesterday and filled the glass last year .
my short cousin admired the teacher and chewed the chicken last year .
my cheery partners admired my siblings yesterday and fancied my cousins yesterday .
my partner admired my rather shy sibling and entered the city .
my quite cheery partner admired my cousins and congratulated the researcher .
my partner admired my friends and married my extremely gentle siblings last year .
the scary tiger attacked the deer last year and harmed the giraffes last year .
the ambitious builders expanded the city and repaired the hall .
the principal paid the painter last year and changed the quite shocking policy .
the guardians cleaned the jars and admired the merry teacher last year .
the guardian effortlessly moved the coin and cleaned the glasses .
the quite short teacher eagerly emptied the jar and eagerly moved the stones .
the cheerful teacher admired the cheerful guardian last year and cleaned the glasses .
the architect expanded the remarkable halls and constructed the remarkable city .
my quite tall partner emptied the jar eagerly and admired my siblings last year .
the guardian admired the really cheerful teachers and cleaned the glass last year .
the really talented architects expanded the city and built the famous halls eagerly .
the gentle teacher quickly emptied the purple glasses and admired my rather merry sibling .
the chubby guardians admired the quite lively teacher and moved the glass .
the shy teacher admired the guardian and eagerly cleaned the quite yellow glasses .
the quite tall teacher remorsefully emptied the shiny bottle and moved the rather pretty stone .
the tall teacher admired the chubby guardians and cleaned the glasses yesterday .
the quite merry teacher emptied the shiny glass and moved the jar sadly .
the teachers admired the guardians and cleaned the glass yesterday .
my cousin eagerly emptied the glasses and admired the guardian .
the rather skinny teachers admired the guardians and moved the pretty glasses .
my cousin emptied the bottle quickly and admired my siblings yesterday .
the guardian admired the teacher yesterday and cleaned the blue glasses .
the teacher admired the guardians yesterday and moved the rather yellow glass happily .
my rather uptight partner emptied the jar reluctantly and admired my sibling .
the gentle guardians admired the teacher and moved the glass .
the rather chubby guardians admired the teachers last year and cleaned the glasses .
my surly cousin quickly emptied the yellow jars and admired my timid sibling .
the teachers admired the skinny guardian yesterday and moved the shiny stone .
the guardians emptied the really blue bottles and cleaned the glasses .
the teachers admired the young guardian yesterday and moved the glass reluctantly .
