the tall teachers the guardian admired yesterday folded the quite blue cloth happily .
the gentle teacher the guardians admired yesterday confiscated the quite shiny stone yesterday .
the shy teachers the rather cheerful guardians admired last year cleaned the yellow glass .
the merry teacher my merry partner admired painted the yellow window .
the quite gentle teacher the guardian admired refused the really tasty chicken halfheartedly .
my timid partners my siblings admired dropped the stone sadly .
the guardian my friend admired fried the chicken .
my siblings my cousin admired yesterday accompanied the tall guardians happily .
the quite nervous guardians my surly partner admired hung the clothes .
the pretty guardians the teachers admired sorted the stones .
the guardian my partner admired last year quickly passed the cake .
my siblings my cousins admired last year explored the cities eagerly .
the teachers my shy partner admired last year moved the stone remorsefully .
my chubby partner my friends admired halfheartedly approached the cities .
the rather pretty guardians the teacher admired yesterday filled the glass yesterday .
the teacher my short cousin admired covered the glass last year .
my siblings my cheery partners admired yesterday bought the rich cakes eagerly .
my rather shy sibling my partner admired entered the cities quickly .
my cousins my quite cheery partner admired congratulated the merry researcher .
my friends my partner admired married my siblings last year .
the deer the scary tiger attacked last year escaped the lion effortlessly .
the city the ambitious builders expanded protected the startled cat last year .
the painter the principal paid last year insulted the extremely driven management .
the jars the guardians cleaned satisfied my quite skinny sibling last year .
the coin the guardian effortlessly moved cracked the glass .
the jar the quite short teacher eagerly emptied satisfied my skinny sibling .
the cheerful guardian the cheerful teacher admired last year cleaned the glasses yesterday .
the remarkable halls the architect expanded protected the cat yesterday .
the jar my quite tall partner emptied eagerly satisfied my rude siblings yesterday .
the really cheerful teachers the guardian admired moved the stones .
the city the really talented architects expanded protected the fearful cat last year .
the purple glasses the gentle teacher quickly emptied satisfied my surly siblings .
the quite lively teacher the chubby guardians admired moved the glass .
the guardian the shy teacher admired cleaned the rather pretty glass .
the shiny bottle the quite tall teacher remorsefully emptied satisfied my sibling yesterday .
the chubby guardians the tall teacher admired cleaned the glass .
the shiny glass the quite merry teacher emptied satisfied my shy siblings .
the guardians the teachers admired cleaned the yellow glass .
the glasses my cousin eagerly emptied satisfied my short siblings last year .
the guardians the rather skinny teachers admired cleaned the glass yesterday .
the bottle my cousin emptied quickly satisfied my siblings yesterday .
the teacher the guardian admired yesterday remorsefully cleaned the rather yellow glass .
the guardians the teacher admired yesterday moved the rather blue glasses .
the jar my rather uptight partner emptied reluctantly satisfied my siblings .
the teacher the gentle guardians admired happily moved the glasses .
the teachers the rather chubby guardians admired last year halfheartedly cleaned the purple glasses .
the yellow jars my surly cousin quickly emptied satisfied my extremely rude sibling .
the skinny guardian the teachers admired yesterday cleaned the glass .
the really blue bottles the guardians emptied satisfied my sibling .
the young guardian the teachers admired yesterday moved the really pretty glasses happily .
