the toddler stored the really shiny stone eagerly and buried the pebbles happily .
the short toddler saved the cats yesterday and tied the rope easily .
the bear captured the petrified deer rapidly and harmed the petrified giraffes yesterday .
the waitress sampled the quite enjoyable fish and passed the cakes .
the waitress happily sampled the enjoyable potato and inhaled the fumes yesterday .
the modest waitresses happily sampled the chicken and refused the cakes sadly .
the driven waitress sampled the enjoyable potato happily and happily kissed my cheery colleague .
the waitress sampled the cake and rapidly poured the water .
the really gentle chef happily sampled the chocolates and tasted the cakes .
the waitresses sampled the extremely enjoyable cakes and supplied the extremely enjoyable fish .
the really resourceful chefs sampled the cake and cooked the fish .
the waitresses eagerly sampled the delicious chicken and prepared the fish .
the chef happily sampled the really delicious cake and fried the fish .
the gentle preschooler hated the quite enjoyable chicken and treasured the pebbles last week .
the preschoolers hated the fish and wasted the water .
the merry preschooler hated the chicken and smashed the red glass yesterday .
the toddler hated the rather delicious potatoes and counted the shiny pebbles .
the skinny preschoolers hated the delicious fish last week and pushed my extremely lively colleagues last week .
the witty preschooler hated the rather enjoyable fish and protected the dogs .
the toddler hated the potatoes yesterday and trapped the rather fearful dogs .
the really modest preschooler hated the fish and raced the quite gentle toddlers last week .
the rather shy toddler hated the chicken and dropped the glass .
the chubby toddler hated the really rich fish and trained the petrified dogs .
the witty toddler hated the rather rich fish yesterday and sorted the pebble happily .
the really merry preschooler hated the potato yesterday and hung the extremely blue cloth last week .
the lively preschooler hated the extremely rich chicken and stored the shiny pebble .
the modest preschoolers hated the fish last week and measured the glass happily .
the really gentle toddlers hated the delicious chicken and smelled the really disastrous fumes .
the preschoolers hated the quite enjoyable fish last week and healed the dog yesterday .
the short toddlers hated the quite rich fish yesterday and admired my chubby colleague yesterday .
the preschoolers hated the rich chicken and swallowed the shiny pebble remorsefully .
the preschooler hated the enjoyable fish and moved the quite shiny pebble .
the toddler hated the fish and licked the chicken happily .
the modest toddler hated the delicious chicken last week and captured the fearful giraffes .
the preschooler hated the enjoyable chicken and happily fed the dog .
the toddler hated the rather enjoyable chicken and collected the shiny pebble eagerly .
the preschooler hated the enjoyable potato and tried the really enjoyable cake .
the toddler hated the rather rich fish and stored the pebbles eagerly .
the toddlers hated the delicious chicken and found the pebble .
the extremely gentle preschooler hated the rich chicken yesterday and crashed the red glass yesterday .
the skinny preschooler hated the quite rich chicken yesterday and liked the pebbles .
the quite witty toddler hated the rather rich potatoes and wanted the cake yesterday .
the preschooler hated the chicken and folded the green cloth .
the extremely lively toddler hated the enjoyable potato yesterday and patted the petrified dogs .
the quite short toddlers hated the delicious fish last week and saved the dogs .
the preschoolers hated the potatoes yesterday and pulled the shiny ropes eagerly .
the toddler hated the really enjoyable fish and decorated the gates eagerly .
the short preschooler hated the rich chicken and accompanied the toddlers yesterday .
the chubby preschoolers hated the rather delicious chicken and spilled the quite fresh water .
the preschooler hated the really enjoyable fish and stored the pebble eagerly .
