my timid cousin my colleagues admired folded the extremely blue clothes efficiently .
my cousin my nervous friend admired last month emptied the glass .
my extremely tall partners my colleagues admired bought the cloth .
my extremely lively colleagues my cheerful cousins admired accompanied my rather nervous friend .
my cheery partner my cousin admired last year rolled the clothes .
my friends my short partner admired last month sadly kissed the anxious chef .
my skinny colleague my quite cheerful friend admired married my cousins .
my short friend my cousin admired stirred the water .
my cousin my extremely rude colleague admired last year chewed the chicken enthusiastically .
my partner my extremely uptight friend admired filled the glass last year .
my colleague my pretty partners admired spilled the water last month .
the deer the really fierce police attacked escaped the extremely aggressive tigers .
the bacon the chef tasted last month satisfied my extremely short colleague .
the assistant the student thanked suggested the policy .
the assistant the talented manager enthusiastically thanked phoned the CEOs .
the driven assistants the quite uptight managers thanked last year resolved the flaw .
the anxious clerks the CEO thanked reported the flaw .
the jars my cousins emptied satisfied my timid colleagues .
the blue jar my friend emptied satisfied my colleagues .
the blue jars my rude partners emptied sadly satisfied my colleague last month .
the glass my pretty cousins emptied reluctantly satisfied my colleagues .
the purple jars my uptight friends quickly emptied satisfied my colleague last month .
the really shiny glasses my partner enthusiastically emptied satisfied my colleagues last year .
the cup my short cousin gloomily emptied satisfied my rude colleague .
the jar my tall cousins sadly emptied satisfied my colleagues .
the jars my rude colleagues emptied satisfied my cousin last month .
the yellow jar my quite gentle friend emptied satisfied my cheerful colleagues .
the cups my cousin happily emptied satisfied my really witty colleague last month .
the blue cup my timid friend quickly emptied satisfied my colleague .
the really pretty cups my cousins emptied satisfied my colleagues .
the cup my partner emptied satisfied my colleague last month .
the shiny jar my colleagues emptied satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup my friends emptied satisfied my colleague .
the quite yellow glass my colleagues emptied satisfied my rather short cousin last year .
the jars my timid friends emptied quickly satisfied my rather skinny colleague .
the shiny glass my friend emptied satisfied my nervous colleague .
the really shiny cups my pretty colleagues emptied happily satisfied my really witty cousin .
the glass my partner emptied satisfied my gentle colleagues .
the pretty cup my cheery partner emptied satisfied my rude colleagues .
the cup my pretty friend emptied satisfied my timid colleague .
the jar my friend emptied enthusiastically satisfied my colleague last year .
the cups my colleagues emptied satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup my extremely witty colleagues emptied satisfied my pretty cousins .
the pretty cups my gentle colleague enthusiastically emptied satisfied my rather uptight cousin .
the glass my colleague enthusiastically emptied satisfied my cousin last year .
the shiny jar my friends emptied satisfied my quite rude colleagues last year .
the shiny cup my witty partners emptied satisfied my colleague last year .
the extremely purple jar my partners emptied quickly satisfied my colleagues last month .
the shiny glass my tall cousin emptied wearily satisfied my skinny colleague last month .
the shiny glasses my friends emptied enthusiastically satisfied my colleague .
