the guardian that admired the tall teachers yesterday emptied the extremely pretty glass quickly .
the guardians that admired the gentle teacher yesterday called my cheery sibling happily .
the rather cheerful guardians that admired the shy teachers last year cooked the enjoyable chicken .
my merry partner that admired the merry teacher wanted the cakes .
the guardian that admired the quite gentle teacher tied the ropes sadly .
my siblings that admired my timid partners poured the water .
my friend that admired the guardian stretched the clothes eagerly .
my cousin that admired my siblings yesterday inhaled the fumes reluctantly .
my surly partner that admired the quite nervous guardians rolled the clothes easily .
the teachers that admired the pretty guardians closed the blue window .
my partner that admired the guardian last year decorated the yellow windows .
my cousins that admired my siblings last year spilled the clear water yesterday .
my shy partner that admired the teachers last year stirred the water .
my friends that admired my chubby partner cut the extremely blue cloth .
the teacher that admired the rather pretty guardians yesterday filled the glass last year .
my short cousin that admired the teacher chewed the chicken last year .
my cheery partners that admired my siblings yesterday fancied my cousins yesterday .
my partner that admired my rather shy sibling entered the city .
my quite cheery partner that admired my cousins congratulated the researcher .
my partner that admired my friends married my extremely gentle siblings last year .
the scary tiger that attacked the deer last year harmed the giraffes last year .
the ambitious builders that expanded the city repaired the hall .
the principal that paid the painter last year changed the quite shocking policy .
the guardians that cleaned the jars admired the merry teacher last year .
the guardian that effortlessly moved the coin cleaned the glasses .
the quite short teacher that eagerly emptied the jar eagerly moved the stones .
the cheerful teacher that admired the cheerful guardian last year cleaned the glasses .
the architect that expanded the remarkable halls constructed the remarkable city .
my quite tall partner that emptied the jar eagerly admired my siblings last year .
the guardian that admired the really cheerful teachers cleaned the glass last year .
the really talented architects that expanded the city built the famous halls eagerly .
the gentle teacher that quickly emptied the purple glasses admired my rather merry sibling .
the chubby guardians that admired the quite lively teacher moved the glass .
the shy teacher that admired the guardian eagerly cleaned the quite yellow glasses .
the quite tall teacher that remorsefully emptied the shiny bottle moved the rather pretty stone .
the tall teacher that admired the chubby guardians cleaned the glasses yesterday .
the quite merry teacher that emptied the shiny glass moved the jar sadly .
the teachers that admired the guardians cleaned the glass yesterday .
my cousin that eagerly emptied the glasses admired the guardian .
the rather skinny teachers that admired the guardians moved the pretty glasses .
my cousin that emptied the bottle quickly admired my siblings yesterday .
the guardian that admired the teacher yesterday cleaned the blue glasses .
the teacher that admired the guardians yesterday moved the rather yellow glass happily .
my rather uptight partner that emptied the jar reluctantly admired my sibling .
the gentle guardians that admired the teacher moved the glass .
the rather chubby guardians that admired the teachers last year cleaned the glasses .
my surly cousin that quickly emptied the yellow jars admired my timid sibling .
the teachers that admired the skinny guardian yesterday moved the shiny stone .
the guardians that emptied the really blue bottles cleaned the glasses .
the teachers that admired the young guardian yesterday moved the glass reluctantly .
